Oh. Oh, that's nice. Nice echo.
-And your chariot awaits.
-Oh! Oh, thank you so much.
-Let's try harder.
-The pleasure is all mine.
We're still, okay?
Oh, what about Cath's hair?
-Uh-oh!
-Careful, careful.
You mad woman.
You are crazy, yeah?
Seriously though,
what she look like?
- Paul McCartney.
- Fuck you.
Yeah, you're right.
Hmm. God,
I never wanna do that thing.
What? Get fat and have bad hair?
Mm, no.
Get to a certain age
and just decide to be old.
Fuck's sake,
I'm Gemini.
I got youthful energy.
So I like a toy-boy.
-Oh, yeah?
-Mm.
If you could choose
to stay at any age,
what, what would it be?
I don't know.
I mean, I'm probably
not even there yet, you know?
-Yeah.
-I reckon one day, I'm gonna be
a right, sexy silver fox.
Yeah, I reckon you will,
you smooth bastard.
Well, I still feel 23
and I am definitely
not hanging up my party shoes.
Yeah?
-Thank God for that.
-Mm.
Come on.
Let's get you back to mine.
Ugh, fuck.
-You want some?
-No. No. You've done those
already tonight, love.
What? You're the one who said
you wanted me all fresh, huh?
Hey, love, stay in the car.
What? What's going on?
I'm just gonna
pick something up, yeah?
What?
What are you talking ab...
-Two minutes.
-Yeah.
♪ Running down the mountain ♪
♪ With a rucksack on my back ♪
♪ Now, there's
No turning back ♪
♪ Came so far to find you
And tell you how I feel ♪
♪ Never fly into the moon... ♪
Cunts.
Yeah. Yeah, I've got it.
Because I counted it.
Look, I'm not gonna fucking
lose it, am I?
Fucking prick.
What is this shit, Jo?
Oh, what's your problem?
-You should look
where you're going.
-Look, leave it.
We should go. Please.
Kev. Kevin!
Sorry, mate,
but you just pulled out.
Oh, my God.
Wait, just stop!
Please.
Fucking cunt.
- Oh, my God.
- Get in the car.
What is wrong with you?
Dyl.
Ugh.
Whites?
Get out.
He was such a hypocrite, Jo.
Thursday? You were seeking
your unfucking thing.
- That's different.
- Oh, yeah? Why is that?
Well, because I don't beat
people up when I'm pissed, do I?
Who put Paul on the job?
I don't know.
You need to chill out, you know?
You get so angry sometimes.
Fuck.
Look,
I'm sorry, yeah?
Yeah.
Do you want some?
Here.
Relax, okay?
Look.
-Oh, Kev.
-Why don't you put these on?
-Yeah?
-I'm not in the mood!
Yeah, but you were before.
Remember?
There was a kid in that car.
But did I hit the kid?
No. Exactly, so...
Bullshit. Bullshit.
Kev, I don't want to.
It's okay. It's okay.
I said no!
Chill.
Get off.
Just get... No. Get off.
Just get off. Just... Ow!
Ow! Jesus Christ, Kevin.
Ah. Get off.
Ow! Stop it.
Christ. Get off me.
Fuck off, Kevin!
Fuck!
What's happening?
Is...
Oh, fuck.
Fuck!
-What have you done?
-I just wanted him to stop.
Oh, my God, is he...
Um... Oh, shit.
Izzy, I need the keys.
Izzy?
I've killed him.
-It's alright. It's alright.
It's alright.
-I killed him.
-It's alright. Look at me.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-I killed him.
-It's okay. Okay.
-I'm gonna fix this, alright?
-I killed him.
Come on.
Uh, go, splash your face
with cold water.
Go on. Off you go.
Sort yourself out.
Oh, shit.
You carry on like that,
you'll drink your bar dry,
you'll drink
your bank account dry.
There will be no job for me
or for you.
At least someone will be
drinking this stuff.
♪ We are alone
But are together ♪
-Is this your playlist?
-Yeah.
- You stepped the music up.
- I know.
- What? Eh, eh.
- I like it.
♪ The truth is there
But can't you see it? ♪
Hey, sweetie.
Can you talk?
I can't really hear you.
-Are you alright?
-Not really.
♪ We are alone
But are together ♪
Hey, what's happened?
There's been
a bit of an accident.
I think Kev's dead.
What?
I think we killed Kevin.
Well, what do you mean
"you think"?
- Is he dead or what?
-Well...
There's blood
and he's not breathing.
-What happened?
-He was all...
pumped up, like he gets,
you know?
And he, he attacked
some bloke in a car,
and, and then we came.
-And then Izzy came in
and she hit him with my lamp.
-Izzy?
Yeah, she's in bits, Mil.
-Is there anywhere you can go?
-No.
I don't...
I don't know. I don't--
-What do you mean?
-Think, Jo!
Oh, God. Go on. Get out.
Go back to your rooms now.
Um...
My uncle's got that caravan,
-down by the coast.
-Okay, good.
You go there now.
You make it look planned.
You stay for a week
like it's a holiday, yeah?
When you come back,
you leave your fingerprints
on everything.
Call the police like
you've just found him, okay?
What? Would that work,
do you think?
What? What else you gonna do?
Tell them it's Izzy?
Yeah, that, that can't happen.
Kev's got enemies, yeah?
When someone like Kev
turns up dead,
the police don't tend to ask
many questions, okay?
Wha... What about Pete?
I could... I...
He'd know what to do.
I could call him.
Pete's a fucking psycho.
You just killed
his baby brother.
He's the last person
you're gonna wanna be
speaking to.
Alright.
Listen,
I've got to go.
You take my car, yeah?
Go to my mom's.
She's got a spare set, alright?
Go. Now!
What are you doing?
Are you fucking serious?
Please open the door.
This ain't fucking funny, Izzy.
Izzy, talk!
What the fuck? Open the door!
It isn't funny, man!
And don't make me
break down the fucking door!
Open it. Please!
Milan said you wanted this.
Yeah, we're going
on a little trip.
In the middle of the night?
Maybe I'll send you
a postcard, yeah?
God will bless you with wisdom.
If... I am trying
to give you a blessing.
The more you object,
the longer it will take.
God will bless you with wisdom
if you persist
in praying for it.
I told you to pack
for a holiday, like a week.
Fine. Whatever.
Come on.
Give me this.
Dyl, help.
It never happened.
It nev... It never happened.
No phones.
Yeah, we need to be totally off radar.
I need a wee.
Oh, shit.
Ah, fuck.
Kevin.
Kev.
Hey.
Fuck.
You're fucking stupid.
Fucking cunt.
You fucking idiot.
What the fuck have you done?
Tu-tu, tu-tu.
Sorry, darling. Do you have
a lighter I could borrow?
Tu-tu. Tu-tu.
Should I check
she's got proper food?
We'll need milk and stuff.
Dylan, stop it!
- What you playing at?
- -I thought this was a getaway.
Exactly. So why are you drawing
attention to yourselves?
Okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, I don't believe this.
Come on. Come on.
-What is it?
-I don't know.
I don't know about cars, do I?
What are we gonna do
if the car won't start?
Well, maybe it just needs time
to cool down a bit, maybe.
- It's not
one of your boyfriend.
- Well, fuck off. Dylan.
Can you two please
just stop fighting?
Let's get something to eat.
Yeah?
Just... leave it for a bit.
I'd like to work
in a diner like this.
Look at these, so cute,
like toys.
Can't imagine
these girls make much.
I'd have a song, too.
♪ I'm here to serve you now ♪
♪ Have your burger anyhow ♪
♪ Medium or... ♪
You're retarded.
-♪ ...anyhow ♪
-Seriously.
Get something down.
-You'll feel better.
-I don't wanna feel better.
Look, I don't know
when we're gonna get
the chance to eat again.
What am I gonna do about school?
I don't know. I need...
I need time to think.
Do you want to get me
into trouble or something?
Why can't we say
it was self-defense?
Say he was hurting Izzy.
Look, Kevin
had his problems, yes.
But I would never go out
with someone who hurt my kids.
Oh, yeah.
You should probably write
parenting guides.
Dylan. Dylan.
Everything alright?
Yeah.
Yes, just what we needed.
Thanks.
Actually, um...
Uh, do you happen to know
if we are anywhere
near here at all?
Have you heard of Google Maps?
I'm going to the toilet.
Teenagers.
It was a loose connection
to your starter motor.
Is it gonna be alright?
Yeah, probably.
-For a while.
-A while? How long is a while?
What am I gonna do
if it breaks down again?
Look, where'd you say
you were going?
Because we're going down
the coast.
If that's any good to you?
Yeah. Okay.
And if you travel with us,
you've gotta promise
to keep it running.
-Mom!
-Can you fix the car?
-Yeah?
-Yeah. Okay.
We don't know him.
Look, he's going to pick
some bloody fruit
or something and his mates
have let him down.
What more do you need to know?
I need some help here.
Dylan.
In the back.
♪ For you are beautiful ♪
♪ And I have loved you dearly ♪
♪ More dearly
Than the spoken word can tell ♪
♪ There's a ship lies rigged
And ready in the harbor ♪
You still work here?
Pays the bills, innit?
♪ Far away from your land... ♪
-You look like shit.
-Oh, thank you.
I've got a heartburn, don't I?
Where is she?
Who?
-I don't know
what you're talking about.
-Yeah, you do.
♪ For you are beautiful ♪
♪ And I have loved you dearly ♪
That is one
of my favorite songs.
♪ More dearly
Than the spoken word can tell ♪
And you are murdering it.
Fuck off.
♪ They say
A wicked war is raging ♪
♪ And the taste of war
I know so very well ♪
♪ Even now
The foreign flag a-raising ♪
♪ And their guns, they fire
As we sail into hell ♪
♪ Only the pain of death
It brings no sorrow ♪
♪ But how bitter will be
This last farewell ♪
♪ Oh, you are beautiful ♪
♪ And I have loved you dearly ♪
♪ More dearly
Than the spoken word can tell ♪
♪ You are so beautiful ♪
♪ And I have loved you dearly ♪
♪ More dearly
Than the spoken word can tell ♪
Where is she?
I don't know.
Tell me.
Can I have a cigarette first?
You got a light?
Yeah, she rang me.
She told me what happened.
And you know
what your brother was.
A piece of shit. Of course,
this was coming to him.
She deserved more than him.
The kids deserved more.
I told her to get as far away
from here as possible.
I don't know where she is, Pete.
But, if I did,
you will be
the last person I'd tell.
You bastard.
Sorry.
You're coming with me.
Don't touch my hair.
So, where have you
come from then?
Nowhere really.
You must have
come from somewhere.
Where've you been?
Pull your hand in.
Come on, please,
don't mess about.
Get your hand back in.
-What, this hand?
-Get your hand
back in the vehicle!
Sorry.
It's dangerous.
Always wears those, does he?
Blocks out the noise.
I should get a pair.
You alright?
Where are we?
What the hell
are you dreaming about?
Must have been something bad.
Um, alright, well, this is us.
So, I... If I unpack
and get rid of the kids,
I can drop you back
at the main road, yeah?
Uh, no, it's alright. I'll, uh,
I'll probably pitch up
around there somewhere.
-I'm knackered.
-I thought you had
work lined up.
I have, but I've got
a few days to kill.
See ya.
Dyl.
You have to do this for Iz.
Did you sleep alright, love?
Is there any tea?
Uh, God, the,
the cook is broken.
So, here,
have a bit of fag.
I need tea.
Yeah, well, I said we should've
picked something proper
up on the way.
Go find a shop then.
Stop moaning.
Oh.
Dylan, no, that's disgusting.
Do you think a fox had it?
And left it hung on a tree?
Doubt it.
Well, who killed it then?
I did.
You're still here?
Did it suffer?
No.
You, uh, shoot it in the head
or the back end
if you want to eat it.
A center hit will ruin the meat.
- See?
- That's grim.
You eat chicken, dickhead.
Found the shop?
Found the guy from last night.
You never said he was staying.
But...
it's a free country, Iz.
What am I supposed to do
about it?
I told him the stove
wasn't working.
I can take a look if you like.
Um... yeah.
Hold that up.
Harder.
We'll use these later, but we're
gonna need some smaller tools,
alright? Hold down there, look.
So what we'll do is
we'll just add...
- Okay.
And then we're gonna add this,
alright?
So, what are you gonna
cook on it?
I don't know. Probably nothing.
I like watching it.
You're decorating already?
Well, I can't sleep
in the dark, can I?
God, you're like
the opposite of a vampire.
What does that make you?
My angel.
Actually, you might wanna
hang those back up, babe.
You don't want him
peering in on you.
Dyl?
Alright.
Dig.
What?
A hole.
Dig a hole.
Well, how big?
As big as a grave.
Go on.
What do you mean
she's not at work?
Steve at the bar said
she left with Pete.
Left real quick.
And he was here, Jo.
Who was?
Pete, Kevin's brother.
I saw him.
In the flat?
Now, why would Milan
go off with Pete?
You know,
Milan can handle herself.
Don't worry.
Is there something
you're not telling me?
Look, um, I've got to go.
I'll call you soon
as she gets in touch. Yeah?
Fuck.
Pete, just leave us alone.
Oh.
Is that big enough?
Lie in it.
Pete, please.
There's no need to do this.
Get in the fucking hole!
Go on.
Oh, come on.
Where?
To get my brother.
Okay. Alright.
"The body that is sown
is perishable,
it is raised imperishable."
"It is sown in dishonor,
it is raised in glory."
"It is sown in weakness,
it is raised in power."
"And let perpetual light
shine upon him."
"May he rest in peace."
"Amen."
You can't mention anything
about London to him, okay?
Nothing about why we're here.
So what do we say if he asks?
Oh, we're just on a trip,
aren't we?
An adventure.
Some adventure.
And I'm,
I'm gonna need your phones.
- For fuck's sake, Mom!
- Oi, language!
I wanted to take some pics.
Ah, the last thing I need
is you posting
bloody photos of the woods
everywhere.
Come on, hand them over.
Dyl. Thank you.
Thank you.
-Alright.
-I'm gonna have a real problem
reaching that, aren't I?
You're pretty funny, Dyl.
Yeah, these things
could get us bloody killed.
- So, what am I gonna do all day?
- I don't know.
Pretend it's the '70s.
Look...
I, I need some peace.
Come on, get out.
Get some fresh air.
Come on, outside.
Iz, come on, please.
Thank you.
Hey, if you can't afford them,
please put the goods back.
Calm down, Abdul.
Put it on my tab, yeah?
For God's sake,
please pay the money.
You need to pay for your stuff.
You should fuck off.
Pay the man.
Do you reckon
this would even float?
Well, it's a boat, isn't it?
Duh. But I don't know,
it looks rotten.
I'll ask Tom.
Tom?
Do you wanna marry him?
Dyl, stop.
-I didn't touch you.
-You did. Mm.
Mm. Stop.
What have you found?
Looks like a snail.
This boat is disgusting.
Wait, wait, wait,
-wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, slow down.
-Come on, Izzy. Oh.
Wait, I just need to change
my hand real quick. Go.
Come on.
Whoa!
What?
Dyl, what is it?
Dyl, what are you doing?
Come on, Izzy.
Dyl.
Dyl, don't be stupid.
Just put it down.
Shut up.
What the fuck is this place?
Oi.
That's Tom's.
What a freak.
Camping out here.
Why the fuck would he sleep
outside in the woods?
Probably can't get away
from Mom.
Ooh.
It's like the house of horrors.
That's where he's gonna bury you
after he's killed you.
What? You know what they say.
"Silent one's
are the bloody worst."
Well, Kevin never shut up.
Boo.
I see you found my hideaway.
You're bleeding.
Mom?
Is there a screwdriver
in the caravan?
Uh, yeah, I think I saw
some things under the sink.
Ah.
-What are you doing?
-Nothing.
Here, it's yours.
I like it, man.
-And this was here?
-Yeah, we found it in the woods.
We had to drag it down here.
Okay.
Alright, let's flip it.
What do you think?
Could we sail it?
It's hardly a yacht.
Doesn't have to be.
Iz, you know,
when Tom got in the car with us,
I know he had that big rucksack.
Did he have another one
with him?
Do you think he's handsome?
What?
Tom.
Do you think he's handsome?
-Dylan loves him.
-Let's focus, Izzy.
A smaller...
black rucksack.
I don't know, Mom.
I'm not sure about him.
Tom? Why?
He's hiding something.
-Aren't we all?
-Stop talking about that,
please.
And I just don't like him
being around, okay?
He might be useful, Iz.
And a bloke around might
make us feel a bit safer.
We are safe,
aren't we?
Yeah.
Yeah. Of course, we are.
I don't want you to bring him
into the caravan.
Oh.
Promise?
Fine.
I promise.
Come on, where you're at, Jo?
Fuck, some people.
Ugh.
"My friend says
I should post this pic."
"Opinions?"
Put some fucking
clothes on, love.
Ugh.
If we done this stuff
back in the day,
-it will be like...
-Like what?
Thinking of kidnapping Milan.
Opinions?
Well, you do this, do you?
Put up pictures of yourself
in your undies
and ask people to comment.
Oh, fuck off.
It's for the kids, innit?
It's... My niece is in that.
Kids?
Or Jo's kids?
Oh, look.
Two days ago.
Get in.
Do you reckon
we could catch a fish?
I don't like fish.
Because I like fish.
It's not all about you.
Please, stop, Dylan.
-Dyl, please stop.
-Who is it gonna tip?
-It's not funny.
-Who is it...?
Tom?
- What are you doing?
- You're rocking the boat.
Dyl.
Fucking Tom, Dyl,
he's a nutter.
Shut up, Iz.
What, what's he doing?
Dyl, we need to go.
Like we need to get out of here.
You could do with a wash.
What?
-You need a wash.
-Dyl! Dylan!
What have you done?
He can't swim.
Dyl!
Alright.
Okay. Alright.
Here, grab my hand.
Dylan, grab my hand.
Grab my hand.
- Are you okay?
- I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
What the hell is wrong with you!
I'm okay.
I didn't realize
you were so religious.
You believe in God, don't you?
Yeah, all of them.
Why?
The way I see it,
God's a win-win.
Win-win?
If there's no happy ever after,
I'll never need to know,
I can still go out smiling.
I don't think Kevin's
gone out smiling, do you?
Were you and him close?
He's me brother, isn't he?
We don't choose family.
Nah.
He's a fucking nutter.
Never knows when
to fucking shut up or slow down.
Had chances though, our Kevin.
Fucking right.
Got a scholarship
at a private school, didn't he?
What? Is that
where he picked up his habit?
Probably.
Yeah, it was
a real fucking chance, that was.
Of course, he wasted it.
More than I ever had.
So, if you know all that,
why are you out to get Jo?
He had a lot of money on him.
She's had it. I want it back.
All of this is about cash?
It's all about fucking cash.
Fucking cost me enough already
these days. Look at that.
Fuck's sake.
It's the right place.
There's a hotel up the road.
Now, we wait there
until one of the kids
sends another message.
Just ring her
and explain what you want.
Yeah,
that's a great idea.
Alright, Jo.
Thanks for killing Kev.
Where are you?
Coming right up for a chat.
What you doing?
I thought you were gonna
drown earlier, too.
Well, I didn't, did I?
Tom is gonna teach me
how to swim anyway.
He's what?
It's not like
I'm scared of the water.
I think
that's a really bad idea.
You should stop bugging him
all the time.
Says you. You can't spend
five minutes on your own.
Do you snore?
No.
I do.
Don't go anywhere.
Everyone with their
fucking heads...
fucking squishes,
stupid, fucking heads off.
I didn't. I didn't. I didn't.
No. No, I did not.
That was a fuckin' movement,
you know?
Don't try to blame me.
Don't you try and blame me.
I swear to fuckin...
All of you trying to fucking
put that blame on me!
I was the only one
who was there.
I was the only one who was there
and you were just watching
and you did nothing to help me.
Judy, fuck off!
Fuck!
Oh, fuck.
Give me the key.
What key?
The key to the room.
Okay.
No.
What do you mean "no"?
I ain't giving it to you.
Then I'll kill you.
Go on then.
Oh, go on. Seriously, do it.
I'm so tired.
Jo never said
nothing about no money.
Oh, she wouldn't, would she?
-You need to have
a bit more faith in people.
-Oh, yeah.
Maybe you need to have
a bit less faith in people.
I'll tell you
what I do need, Milan.
More sleep.
How much do you get...
on average?
-Sleep.
-What?
How much you get
on average a night?
I get about...
...about two hours.
Come downstairs,
make a cup of tea,
and I'll talk to the slugs.
Slugs.
Got about seven regulars now.
Regulars.
Little sods...
partying on my floor.
I go back to bed,
come back in the morning,
and no sign of them.
Does my fucking head in.
Oh, then you need to sort it.
Yeah, I know.
Got a bloke in, didn't I?
I don't know what he said
I should do.
Said I should get a duck.
A duck.
What? To help you sleep?
No. To eat
the fucking slugs. Ha.
Jesus.
You say I should have
more faith in people.
Alright,
we're gonna stroll in there,
and she's just going to be
counting out the money for us.
-I don't think so.
-Well, what other choice
has she got?
What you think? I'm gonna sleep
with a fucking loaded gun,
stuffed down my pants?
You dozy fucking mare.
Go to sleep.
You alright, hon?
Why am I in your bed?
You got in with me.
You funny thing.
Mm-hmm.
-No, Mom.
-Shh.
I'm just gonna get
some knots out.
-Yeah, but it hurts.
-Shh.
Here.
♪ This is the way
We brush our hair ♪
♪ Brush our hair
Brush our hair ♪
♪ This is the... ♪
You used to make me sing
that stupid song every day,
or you wouldn't go to nursery.
I want to go home.
It's too soon.
Ow! Hurts.
-Ow! Mom, you never listen.
-Oh. Fine.
Why don't you
get a splash about, yeah?
Dylan's out there with Tom.
- You alright?
- Yeah, this is fine.
Yeah? You...
Can you touch the bottom?
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Yeah?
One, two, three.
Look at you, shower.
You dick.
Woo!
Oi, Mom.
-What?
-Oi, watch this.
I can swim!
Woo!
Come on then.
Oh, here.
There you go.
Didn't you learn that at school?
No. The year
I was meant to learn,
the council closed the pool.
Remember?
Oh, well, who cares?
You can swim now.
- Hmm.
- Here.
Is one of those for me?
Oh, yeah.
- Is it chicken or egg?
- -Well, there wasn't much choice.
Mm, okay, so.
Yeah, apparently, some kid
got the shit kicked out of him
outside the village shop.
Probably 'cause he ordered tuna
so they beat him up.
No, seriously,
wouldn't expect it around here,
a sleepy little place like this.
What wouldn't you expect?
Some young leg got beaten up
in the village.
When was that?
Uh, we, um, we should row out
to the sound mirrors.
-Will it hold all of us?
-Doubt it.
Don't see why not.
It's not that far.
That's it.
Keep us steady.
Left a bit. Perfect.
Nice one.
So, what are these things then?
It's an early warning system
to pick up the sound
of enemy aircraft.
How would you know?
The book
I was reading last night,
it's got tons of stuff on it.
- Oh, what? You read now?
- Yeah.
You should try it sometime.
So, they work then?
Kind of.
You could do
with a radar system, Mom.
What's that?
Something that warns you
when a strange man approach.
I hope you're not keeping
that to yourself.
Come on.
- Come on. Come on.
- Come on, Iz.
Come on.
Woo-hoo!
Hello.
Hello!
Woo-hoo, woo-hoo,
woo-hoo, hello!
Shut the fuck up.
Shut the fuck up!
Shut up!
Look at me.
Look at me. Look at me.
Izzy, look at me.
Look at mommy.
- It's alright.
- It's alright. Okay?
- It's okay. It's okay.
- It's okay.
Shhh, shhh.
Calm down. It's alright.
Shhh, breathe.
It's alright, it's alright.
it's okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's alright, baby.
You got a fucking worm
or something?
You're a real charmer, Pete.
Do you know that?
Where's the phone, Milan?
I don't know.
You must have left it
back at the hotel.
She messaged you, didn't she?
What, Jo?
She's not stupid.
You fucking liar.
Argh!
Fuck!
Fucking criminal!
You saw that? Huh?
You see that?
Fuck.
Oh, I'm gonna fucking kill her.
Oh, I know, big boy.
Yeah, fuck off.
You fuck.
You look hot.
You might as well
let me take a look at that.
You know, there's no need
for any of this crazy shit.
We all just need to calm down.
You want some crisps?
-Going to bed.
-Alright.
Well, ask Dylan then.
I'm not taking them into him.
I'll eat them all.
Tom!
Tom, you out here?
I'm bored shitless.
Coming in or what?
Where are you?
Do you use them...
Do you use them emojis?
Do you?
Neither do I.
Fuck.
Sent.
Yeah...
"In the caravan with Mom."
"Weirdo's still here."
"He's dangerous."
"Scared. Can you come?"
What the fuck?
Give me the phone.
Um, am I a singer?
No? Okay. Uh...
Uh... I, I, I had someone famous
played me in a movie.
-No... Yes.
-Who?
-Uh, I don't know.
-What?
Well, I can't...
I can't tell them apart.
You can't, can you?
- When they got the little...
- you can't tell who's that, yeah?
- Oh.
- Yes. Hitler.
Oh, my God, you are so crap
at this game.
Yeah, I...
-Sorry, I, I don't
really do games.
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah, well, I like games.
And parties and drinking
on a school night. Woo.
So, does that make me
a bad person?
And yes, I have had my share
of gentleman callers.
I, you know, I...
I never wanted to be a secretary
or a, uh, nice wife
or...
Hmm.
Not that I thought
I'd end up here
like this. Jesus.
Anyway.
Who are you, Mr. Tom?
I'm a secretary.
Seriously?
What are you doing wandering
around the woods on your own
like a mad bastard?
Uh, well, I thought
it would do me good.
To be away from people
for a while.
Oh, God, that's my idea of hell.
Well, I've spent years
being part of a group.
Eating together,
sleeping together,
shitting together, everything.
You've been inside then?
Afghanistan.
Oh.
So how come
you don't see your kid?
I came home different.
Couldn't get my shit together.
Well...
that bit sounds familiar.
-The kids. The kids.
-Oh, sorry.
So, do you have
any battle scars?
Not ones that you can see. No.
I hear things,
see things that aren't there,
and I react.
I had a friend who saw a shrink
because she couldn't stop
shagging people at work.
So there's people you can talk
to about real serious shit.
I have tried, but...
they just want you to revisit
old stuff all the time, and...
I can't.
Well, just because
you're paranoid, doesn't mean
they're not out to get you.
Sorry. It's not helpful.
Is that what Izzy thinks?
Izzy?
Yeah.
She's on her guard,
that's for sure.
I don't wanna talk about Izzy.
You think I'm the mentalist?
What time is it?
Go look in Mom's room.
Oh, my God! Dylan, get out.
Get out of my room!
Get out! Get out!
She always does this.
You ain't special, you know.
Don't be so fucking rude!
- Go on. Go!
- No.
You do that every time.
Every time,
you doing this thing.
Every time!
She probably
only wanted your money.
My money?
You know, the rucksack.
I killed her last boyfriend.
Didn't she tell you that?
I've called for help. Just go!
Pete's here.
Oh, my God. Dylan, come.
Dylan, come here now.
Oh, my God.
Jo.
Jo, open the door, will you?
- What are you gonna do to us?
- Nothing.
Nothing.
I ain't gonna hurt you, nothing.
Jo, he's not here
to hurt anyone.
Milan?
Yeah, it's me.
- Are you alright?
- I'm fine. I'm fine.
How did he find us?
It was me.
I told you
not to talk to anyone.
I thought I told you not to let
Tom into the caravan.
- What?
- -You opening the door, or what?
- You won't hurt us?
- No.
He just wants the money, Jo.
Open the fucking door!
Alright. Alright.
We're coming out.
You alright, Pete?
Where is it?
-The, the rucksack
with the money?
-Yes.
-Is, is that your money?
Ah, yeah,
there was, there was a bag,
but I thought it was Tom's.
It's Kevin and Pete's money.
It wasn't back at the flat.
You must have it, Jo.
No, there isn't
any money, Milan.
You! You're full
of shit. Fuck.
Let's just
find the bag, alright?
- Have you got it, Jo?
- Yeah.
Yeah, there's a bag in the,
in the boot of the car.
Dylan, it's the rucksack
in the boot. It's open. Go on.
It's okay. You're alright.
You're alright. It's alright.
It's okay.
Where is it, Dylan?
I don't know
what anyone's on about.
Oi, you.
Instagram, come here.
- Izzy, don't you move.
- Come here.
No. No.
Come here!
Here.
Oh, my God.
Pete, please.
The bag.
Have you got it?
No?
Ain't got it?
Alright.
You find our fucking money,
or I will cut off
her fucking ears.
Do you understand?
- It was in the car, I promise you!
- -Do you understand?
-Pete, she'd tell you
if she knew anything.
-Please.
Alright. It's alright.
It's alright. Come. Come.
Fuck.
Fuck. Fuck.
Did you take it?
He would have fucking killed us.
Now, just give him the money
and both of you just go.
Fuck.
You should be giving Jo
some of that damn money
after what you and your brother
put her through.
Ah, fuck.
She killed my brother.
Oh, he fucking deserved it.
I killed him.
He was hurting Mom again
like he used to hurt me.
Fuckin'... We don't want
your fucking money.
You keep your fucking money.
Fuck.
What?
What are you thinking?
You're only as sick
as your secrets.
It's over now.
Is it?
I have been so careless
with them.
Mom, stop.